JGame is distributed under the revised BSD license.

Copyright (c) 2006-2012 by Boris van Schooten.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * Neither the name of the organizations nor the names of its contributors
      may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
      without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


What this means in practice.

BSD is one of the most permissive open source licenses.  It allows you to
distribute commercial products based on the software.  It has one restriction
though, which is that the distributions refer back to the original license
file (or the original project as far as I'm concerned).  So, putting "Made
with JGame" in the in-app about text is enough to meet the license
requirements.  I consider leaving the "JGame" text visible in the load screen
also sufficient.

As regards the games, you are welcome to adapt them but I expect a clear
reference to the original game.  Some of the content is not by me, but this
should be all "creative commons attribution" licensed material.  This means
you are free to use them but you should retain the credits as found in the
games.


THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE LICENSES

Also included in this package are Sax and JBox2D.

Sax is public-domain software.

JBox2D and Box2D are released under the ZLib license. See src-jbox2d/ for more
details.

